Add docs for values of `while` expressions (#504)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/syntax_and_semantics/while.md

  break if some_condition
end
```

## As an expression

The value of a `while` is the value of the `break` expression that exits the `while`'s body:

```crystal
a = 0
x = while a < 5
  a += 1
  break "four" if a == 4
  break "three" if a == 3
end

> x # => "three"

Reviewer: This is still `nil` on the latest version of Crystal, so this PR must not be merged yet.

And I think we'll need to define some kind of policy for that:

1. When do such doc updates get merged?
    1. Should they be merged into a branch first?
2. How to indicate that a feature is new since some version?

Reviewer 2: Good questions! But I think they should be asked in a dedicated issue, not in the comment thread on an affected pull request. 🙇‍♂️

```

> If the `while`'s condition fails, `nil` is returned instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `while` loop ends normally (because its condition became false), the value is `nil`:
```
